Update WiFi docs (#370)
srobo/docs: kit/wifi.md

WiFi
====

The Raspberry Pi that makes up your kit's brain board contains a WiFi radio which allows you to interface with and debug your robot.
You can connect to your robot using any WiFi capable device (laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)

Connecting to Your Robot
------------------------

> During the boot process you should notice the green LED on the KCH labelled "WiFi" turn on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the boot process you should notice the green LED on the KCH (the board on top of the Pi) labelled "WiFi" turn on.
```

~~~~ python
R.print_wifi_details()
~~~~

If you are having any problems connecting to your robot, just head on over to the Discord
and ask for help.

Using the robot interface
-------------------------

Once you have a WiFi connection, visit `http://robot.lan` in a web browser to see the robot interface.

The robot interface gives you the ability to remotely start the code on your robot,
as well as view the logs.

![The robot interface on desktop]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/content/kit/wifi_interface.png)

### Viewing logs

The robot interface allows you to see all messages from your code sent by `print(...)`
statements (and anything else that outputs to standard output or standard
error). It will also show messages from the initialisation of the robot's
hardware, as well as any errors that occurred when running your code.

You can also see your robot's logs on the USB stick, in a file called
`log.txt`.

### Setting up the Robot's Environment

The toolbar present at the top of the page, or bottom of the page on mobile, allows you to change the robot's starting zone and mode.
Changing the starting zone allows you to test how your robot handles being started in a
different zone.

> The wifi interface will only be fully accessible when your robot is started in dev mode and will be restricted in competition mode.

Reviewer 2: Nit:
```suggestion
The WiFi interface will only be fully accessible when your robot is started in dev mode and will be restricted in competition mode.
```

Reviewer: Is the interface actually restricted?

Author: Just having `COMP` mode on doesn't disable it. The competition mode USB sets `wifi_enabled` in the Astoria metadata to be `false`.

Reviewer: Ahh ok! A tad nuclear as won't be able to see logs but it does solve the issue of restricting controls. Maybe we can look at allowing some access to wifi once we have some headroom

Author: That was the idea of "arena connectivity".

WiFi
====

The Raspberry Pi that makes up your kit's brain board contains a WiFi radio which allows you to interface with and debug your robot.
You can connect to your robot using any WiFi capable device (laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)

Connecting to Your Robot
------------------------

During the boot process you should notice the green LED labelled WiFi turn on.

> Your robot has now set up its very own WiFi network! It will have a name starting with `robot-ZZZ` followed by some random numbers.

Reviewer 2: Question: What determines "ZZZ"? Is it their TLA? Also, are the random numbers deterministic between reboots?

Author: The number is deterministic, it gets saved into `robot-settings.toml` on first run.

Author: 480171c

> You can now connect to your robot in the same way you normally connect to a WiFi network.

Reviewer 3: Presumably you mean when the robot is in `COMP` mode rather than merely at the competition?
If we can let the interface be read-only in `COMP` mode I think that's valid (though if it can't be then that's probably preferable to allowing it to essentially be a remote control).

> You can now connect to your robot in the same way you normally connect to a WiFi network.

Author: 480171c

> You can now connect to your robot in the same way you normally connect to a WiFi network.

Reviewer 4: Disabling the WiFi is separate to comp mode. The comp mode USB sticks do 5 things:
- set comp mode
- set zone
- set game timeout
- set marker offset
- disable WiFi

They are largely independent and setting comp mode won't automatically do any of the others.

For here though the generalisation is fine for the moment.

You will need a WiFi key to be able to connect and you can find this inside any robot.zip

> that you have exported from the IDE. Just have a look inside `robot-settings.toml` on the USB drive containing your code.

Author: Actually, that entire paragraph is irrelevant as the WiFi credentials get cached so that the network can stay persistent while there is no USB.

> that you have exported from the IDE. Just have a look inside `robot-settings.toml` on the USB drive containing your code.

Author: 480171c

> that you have exported from the IDE. Just have a look inside `robot-settings.toml` on the USB drive containing your code.

Author: 62ab01b9

These details can also be printed using:
~~~~ python
R.print_wifi_details()
~~~~

Note that, because the information for your robot's WiFi network is stored inside the robot.zip,
the WiFi network will disappear when you unplug the USB memory stick. It will reappear a few moments
after you plug the USB memory stick into your robot.

> If you are having any problems connecting to your robot, just head on over to support forum channel in Discord

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are having any problems connecting to your robot, just head on over to the Discord
```

and ask for help.

Using the robot interface
-------------------------

Once you have a WiFi connection, visit `http://robot.lan` in a web browser to see the robot interface.

The robot interface gives you the ability to remotely start the code on your robot,
as well as view the logs.

![The robot interface on desktop]({{ site.baseurl }}/images/content/kit/wifi_interface.png)

### Viewing logs

The robot interface allows you to see all messages from your code sent by `print(...)`
statements (and anything else that outputs to standard output or standard
error). It will also show messages from the initialisation of the robot's
hardware, as well as any errors that occurred when running your code.

You can also see your robot's logs on the USB stick, in a file called
`log.txt`.

### Setting up the Robot's Environment

> The toolbar present at the top of the page, or bottom of the page on mobile; allows you to change the robot's starting zone and mode.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Oxford comma is best comma

```suggestion
The toolbar present at the top of the page, or bottom of the page on mobile, allows you to change the robot's starting zone and mode.
```
